# 英语二真题

[TOC]

## 2000

### 完形填空



==other than==  除了...之外

SYN:  with the exception of,   except for,   besides

E.G. Other than one sister, she has no close relatives.



==much as==   尽管，虽然   

*however much*

E.G. Much as she needed the job, she had to refuse.



==ever since== 从那以后；自从...以后；从...起 

*From a particular time; Since then*

E.G. 

1. Ever since we moved here, I've been trying to find a painting to hang over the fireplace.
2. He retired years ago and hasn't come back ever since.



==long before== 早在...之前

E.G. I died long before you were born.



==implement== 工具；器具

E.G. agricultural implements



==feed== 施肥

E.G. He must buy some fertilizers to feed the soil.



==presumably== 很可能

E.G. George canceled his wedding, presumably, for you.

## 2001

### 完形填空

agree with something 同意某事

side with somebody 支持某人

a storm of protest 一阵抗议浪潮

binding 有法律约束力的

be in safe hands with somebody. 在...手中是安全的

be said to have done	据说做过某事

guilty 犯了罪的

lay down... 规定



> make something adj.  使某事怎样
>
> E.G. The Lord Chancellor said introduction of the Human Rights Bill, which makes the European Convention on Human Rights legally binding in Britain, laid down that everybody was entitled to privacy and that public figures could go to court to protect themselves and their families.



## 2002

### 完形填空

It was not until... that.... 直到...才...

> It was not until the 19th century that the newspaper became the dominant pre-electronic medium.

in the company of 在...陪伴下



in perspective	   正确地

> Not everyone sees that process in perspective. It is important to do so.

followed by.		  	由...紧挨着

A as well as B.  		强调A，并且A和B是相对的两个概念

distance 					差异

weigh A against B	把A和B相权衡

in the light of...		   鉴于

### 翻译

trace... (back) to...	从...中探究根源；追溯到...

continue to do	依然...; 仍然...

state of mind		心态；意识状态

> One difficulty is that almost all of what is called behavioral science continues to trace behavior to states of mind, feelings, traits of characters, human nature, and so on.



be formulated   得以阐明；被系统阐述；被揭示

> The role of natural selection in evolution was formulated ==only a little more than a hundred years ago==, and the selective role of the environment in shaping and maintaining the behavior of the individual is only beginning to be recognized and studied.
>
> ==标黄区域为状语从句== 



with it 随之而来的

> Until these issues are resolved, a technology of behavior will continue to be rejected, and ==with it possibly the only way to solve our problems==.
>
> 省略句扩展：
>
> ==with it possibly the only to solve our problems will also continue to be rejected==

